README.md, before:

# Goodbye

> It is a Turkish tradition to throw water behind a vehicle when the loved ones are setting out on a long journey.
> The tradition itself serves to express a wish —that the long journey will go smoothly, without mishap. As smooth as water.

![turkish tradition: throwing water](https://github.com/ahmetalpbalkan/goodbye/raw/master/img/promo.gif)

**Goodbye** is a Python application, when someone unfollows you on Twitter, it will say them goodbye as long at it is running.

### Installation

1. Clone this repository, go to source directory
2. Install dependencies `pip install -r requirements.txt`
3. Run program `./goodbye.py`

When the program is run for the first time, it will ask for configuration regarding Twitter app  you will create and authentication tokens only once.

Go to https://dev.twitter.com/ , create an application and access tokens for it and paste them to the program. Example:

![](http://i.imgur.com/CQPgJaM.png)

### How it works

This program has to be running all the time to say goodbye to your unfollowers.

Start program with `./goodbye.py` and keep it running. You can host this on your server, Raspberry Pi or some always running computer.

Just terminate program with `Ctrl+C` to stop tracking.

### Advanced Configuration

In `goodbye.py` file, there are configuration keys:

    POLL_INTERVAL_SECS = 60*5

You can adjust Twitter API polling interval as well, e.g. defaults to 5 minutes above.

You can customize random goodbye messages by editing `messages.txt` by writing
one message per line. Try to keep each message less than 110 characters.

## Demo

Try following me [`@ahmetalpbalkan`](http://twitter.com/ahmetalpbalkan) on Twitter and unfollow 10 minutes later (works only if I keep this program running).

## Author

Copyright (c) 2013, [Ahmet Alp Balkan](http://ahmetalpbalkan.com)

Made in Bellevue, WA with love.

Commit message:

Send only DMs to account owner, Dockerize

README.md, after:

# Goodbye

**Goodbye** is a Python application, when someone unfollows you on Twitter,
it will Direct Message you their twitter handle.

### Installation the Docker way

Make sure you have a Twitter OAuth(xAuth) credentials before you start.
If not, run the program manually once and copy them from `auth.config` file
to the command below.

Clone this repo and build an image:

    $ docker build -t goodbye .

Then run the container:

```
docker run -d --restart=always \
    -e CONSUMER_KEY=<value> \
    -e CONSUMER_SECRET=<value> \
    -e ACCESS_TOKEN=<value> \
    -e ACCESS_SECRET=<value> \
    --name=goodbye-agent \
    goodbye
```

Check if it is running fine: `docker logs -f goodbye-agent`.

## Installation the hard way

1. Clone this repository, go to source directory
2. Install dependencies `pip install -r requirements.txt`
3. Run program `./goodbye.py`

When the program is run for the first time, it will ask for configuration regarding Twitter app  you will create and authentication tokens only once.

Go to https://dev.twitter.com/ , create an application and access tokens for it and paste them to the program. Example:

![](http://i.imgur.com/CQPgJaM.png)

### How it works

This program has to be running all the time to check list of your followers
and take the diff. Therefore, make sure the program stays up all the time.

### Advanced Configuration

In `goodbye.py` file, there are configuration keys:

    POLL_INTERVAL_SECS = 60*5

You can adjust Twitter API polling interval as well, e.g. defaults to 5 minutes above.

## Author

Copyright (c) 2013, [Ahmet Alp Balkan](http://ahmetalpbalkan.com)

Made in Bellevue, WA with love.
